
Basic Online Store

A NOT REAL online store is required, only for demo PRESENTATION:

Front end with React.
Backend with Node
Database with MongoDB

- Cover with latest products.
- Simple product sheet.
- User registration and login.
- User panel with basic personal and shipping data.
- Admin panel to add categories, tags and products.
- Simulated purchase process, for example by paypal (it does not have to be real).






Don't use CMS.
Time 2 weeks, it is a simple code to be a not real presentation store.

More information by private!

Hi, I'm looking for someone who can do it in 2-3 weeks since I'm handing it in on the 27th, it's for a course I'm taking. Previously I did it myself but I used a CMS and they rejected me so now I have that time and I doubt I can do it at my own pace, so I need someone who has experience and can do it in that time. Being a basic demo store it does not require the density of a real store at all.
If you are interested I can send you a pdf with more information.
Greetings and thanks for contacting

Gerasim Itich 9:55 PM
Thanks for your reply Robin.
I am very interested in your work. Once you give me the pdf and discuss more details about your project, I will finish your task just in time.
Do not hesitate to contact me.

RG
Robin Greg 10:01 PM
shop.pdf
124.95KB
Here is the pdf, if you have any questions or suggestions, please let me know. I have tried to simplify the project as much as possible but suggestions are welcome!

Gerasim Itic 10:03 PM
ok let me check


I just read your pdf and have a few questions to clarify.
Before discussing your demo project with you, please answer the following.
1. Could we discuss more details about your project or something on S-k-y-p-e or what?
2.Could you pay me through p-a-y-p-a-l or p-a-y-o-n-e-e-r?
Let me know your opinion.
I love MERN-stack as a web developer. Your project is realistic and simple. I can do this in 8 business days and it will take 2 days to test it. If you are interested in me, I will provide you with a milestone or timeline as soon as possible, okay?

Gerasim Itich 10:33 PM
Let me know your thought.

Gerasim Itich 10:41 PM
I am waiting now for you.

RG
Robin Greg 10:55 PM
Hello, but do you speak Spanish?

Gerasim Itic 10:59 PM
I'm sorry I can not speak Spanish. But I'll do my best.

Gerasim Itich 11:10 PM
Without knowing Spanish, can't we go together? Please let me know.

Gerasim Itic 11:58 PM
My s-k-y-p-e id : live:.cid.3cec7fb2ea07bb83I'm always there.

Fri, Apr 08
RG
Robin Greg 4:12 AM
Sorry my English is very basic and we will not be able to converse by speaking. If you can by text is better.

Gerasim Itich 6:25 AM
Great! I totally agree with you.
Can we text chat in s-k-y-pe or something?
Please invite me. During that time, I will prepare the milestones according to the timeline. It is our first collaboration to be closer to each other. I wish my experience will accelerate your business quickly. okay?

---------------------------------------------------------------
Darius Naghavi Australia.

Gerasim Ionic 1989.3.10 33 year old

+31 71 529 2970
Catharinasteeg 5, 2311 DE Leiden, Netherlands


 Let me introduce myself.
      I'm a developer who is passionate about developing Full-stack projects and have a lot of experience in Web development. 
      From 2017 I have worked in DJS software companies as a junior and senior full-stack developer.

      About me. I have experiences in React and Node for 4+ years. I really love MERN-stack. Yeah. I am a full stack developer so 
      I am capable of Backend(Nodejs, Laravel, php, so on)
      I have made many projects for my clients.

      I enjoy overcoming the challenges. 
      Of course, until now, there were no special challenges for me.
      So I don’t know exactly how difficult it is to overcome challenges.U-hum
      But I just want to improve my skills and technical skills by overcoming challenges.
      Of course, now trying to get the job from your company is also another challenge for me.
      But I will do my best to work with you.
      And also I enjoy working with teamwork. I mean, I value the team spirit as the most important thing.

      Yeah, That's all.
  
company : https://donaldruis38.wixsite.com/djs-tech-group

8.20
---------------------------------------------------------
Job posting

Today we have a mobile app, as PayPal. so our differents users have feature like add money of my account, transfert money to my friend, apply to loan, ....
So now we need to build a payment gateway to allow our users to pay on différents site online. Something like a PayPal.
With payment gateway others company/ecommerce platform will be able to integrate NeeroPay on their platform.
in term of process/flow we need exactly something like PayPal. So we need a backend dev to work on it.
Our technical task : Java with Spring, PostgreSql
BPM : Flowable with Spring (https://www.flowable.com/open-source/docs/form/ch04-Spring)



----------------------------------------------------------
Posting. 600. US



Looking for someone who can compile a code that will fetch requested assets and render them in an environment. Output required is a video file of rendered 3d layers.


Hi, I am an expert in Unreal Engine.
I have built 3d Gaming for 4 for years.
Can you share your project with me?

View details
TC
The Gray Cat 6:14 AM
Hi.
Are you comfortable working with C++?

Gerasim Itech 6:36 AM
Thanks for your reply.
Yes, I am free for it.

TC
The Gray Cat 6:37 AM
TC
The Gray Cat Today 6:20 AM
I am trying to build an executable file on Windows. No UI/UX needed. I need to input a sentence that describes an environment with elements (e.g cat running in forest). The code needs to fetch the elements and environments from Unreal supported libraries (randomly); then render them with a starting point and output a 3d animated video file (of the cat running in the forest). ROUGHLY speaking

Gerasim Itech 6:44 AM
Okay, a very brilliant idea. I am very interested in your idea. Can you explain further?

You removed this message

TC
The Gray Cat 6:49 AM
So imagine having a text field. You write any action/ event and it outputs a 3d video animation of it using Unreal libraries.

Basically its like a search engine for 3d elements

Gerasim Itech 6:49 AM
Sure

TC
The Gray Cat 6:50 AM
But it can add them together, put a starting point, and put them in action

You think its doable?

Gerasim Itech 6:52 AM
Wow. It is doable of course, I think. Do you have got any basic project or will you make it from scratch?

TC
The Gray Cat 6:53 AM
From scratch

Gerasim Itech 6:55 AM
okay. So you dont have any data of your idea? Only idea you have? If not, please share with me to clarify. OK?

TC
The Gray Cat 6:57 AM
Only idea

I need someone to build the code

Gerasim Itech 6:57 AM
Yeah, I see your position.

So when I have to deliver this for you?

TC
The Gray Cat 7:01 AM
We need it in approx. 3 weeks

How much do you think you need time?

Gerasim Itech 7:02 AM
From my experience, Due to your idea isnt complex, It is ok for me.

TC
The Gray Cat 7:03 AM
Which libraries do you plan on fetching the elements from?

Gerasim Itech 7:08 AM
Let me think.

give me some time,plz

TC
The Gray Cat 7:14 AM
Of course

Gerasim Itech 7:16 AM
I am installing Unreal engine at my pc and finding the data that will need.

and How about text on s-k-y-p-e?
My id : Gerasim I. Please invite me.

Let me know.

TC
The Gray Cat 7:25 AM
I prefer to keep our communication within this platform

Gerasim Itech 7:26 AM
Most of my friends are in there. It is impossible, isnt it for you? or other platform?

So after discussing your project more detail, can you communicate in there? Please let me know.

And is it important which libraries I will use or what? The reason why you asked me that point is that it cost for free or not? you mean?

TC
The Gray Cat 7:36 AM
Yes it doesnt matter which library. As long as I can find high quality element and render it and export into video

Gerasim Itech 7:37 AM
sure.

how about?

Gerasim Itech Today 7:31 AM
So after discussing your project more detail, can you communicate in there? Please let me know.

TC
The Gray Cat 7:40 AM
I dont have skype

You have telegram?

Gerasim Itech 7:40 AM
Yes of course. I have it.
Let me know your id.

TC
The Gray Cat 7:45 AM
@ thegraycat0

Looking for someone who can compile a code that will fetch requested assets and render them in an environment. Output required is a video file of rendered 3d layers.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Canada
Toronto

Working with our source code you will develop the UI using inspiration from FIGMA.

Required Skills: Strong knowledge of Javascript, html css, bootstrap.  Strong emphasis on mobile responsive principles and best practices.  

You are detail oriented and work well under pressure.  This is a highly urgent project and working a high level of communication.

BONUS POINTS: if you have a passion for UI/UX

See walkthrough here:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1t4X6DEFQzw1zvtsC8sI4kjdwYNuXApUc/view?usp=sharing

